[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law
and launched an attack
on Doflamingo in Dressrosa.
[NARRATOR] In response,
Doflamingo trapped the kingdom
inside a barrier and challenged
all present to a game.
Locked in battle with
the Don Quixote Family,
the Straw Hats take
them down one by one.
Meanwhile, Luffy and Law's
final showdown with Doflamingo
is gearing up for
a climatic conclusion.
[KYROS]
The kingdom has long suffered
under Doflamingo's clutches.
It shall either be liberated
and returned to King Riku
or once again fall into despair.
[KYROS] Our last line of hope
lies among a pirate crew now.
Is that so?
Lucy.
[BELLAMY] I ain't gonna turn
my back on him even if I croak!
If that's what it takes
to get him to respect me,
then I'm gonna do it!
You big liar!
This isn't about loyalty!
It's about your pride!
If you have it all figured out,
then shut up and
fight me already!
You'll die for nothing!
[BELLAMY gasps]
[BELLAMY] This is the
end of the road for me.
[BELLAMY]
No, this is what I want.
To be killed...
...by the only other man
I ever respected.
One last chance
to do this, Straw Hat!
[BELLAMY]
Thank you.
Thank you for
calling me a friend.
[panting]
[LUFFY yelling]
Doflamingo!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
I can hear the howling
of a wild cur.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Why don't you limp on up here?
[DOFLAMINGO] Hey, Law,
your buddy's on his way.
[VIOLET] He can proceed.
He has taken down Bellamy!
Well done.
Now there're only two
higher-ups left remaining.
Keep strong, Straw Hat.
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
[VIOLET]
He's making great strides.
However, the final
obstacles awaiting him
are Trebol and, of course,
Doflamingo himself.
As Roronoa Zoro told us,
we can't be at ease yet.
However, it does feel
as if the tides
may be turning in our favor!
I hope!
We're almost there!
When he wins, we're free.
[VIOLET gasps]
No!
Viola? Something wrong?
[USOPP]
Viola?
I have terrible news.
We're down a man, too.
[USOPP, KIN'EMON, HACK]
Huh?
What's that mean?
Is someone in trouble?
Who's hurt? Say it.
[VIOLET]
It's Trafalgar Law!
-[USOPP gasps]
-Impossible! Sir Law?
[laughing]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Your buddy's on his way, Law.
This'll be good.
He'll be surprised to see you.
Or rather, your corpse.
Sticky Launcher!
[groans]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Take it easy, Law. Rest.
Clearly, you've lost this.
Even your cheap tricks
can't give you
the edge you need
to challenge me.
Fight both of us?
What were you thinking?
C'mon! I'm more than
enough for you.
[groans]
And Straw Hat?
He's a bit busy. Still.
Shame he doesn't have the guts
to put that so-called "friend"
of his out of his misery.
Otherwise,
he might've saved you.
[TREBOL laughs]
What a poor naive dolt!
You can't catch that break, huh?
Tough luck! Tough luck!
Your life is a tragedy.
Born into the hell
known as White Town.
[DOFLAMINGO] A bleak future
awaited you since boyhood.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Then, in a twist of fate,
you were led to
my younger brother, Corazon.
Which managed to draw your
life out a bit longer.
But now you're nothing more
than his vindictive ghost-
a revenge-driven fool,
kept alive by hatred alone.
So sad! Boohoo!
Though, for a man
on borrowed time,
I'll hand it to you.
You've really made
the most out of
the rotten hand fate dealt you.
Still, all things must end.
Your tenacity
won't save you now.
Thirteen years down the drain.
I do pity you, in a way.
A wasted life.
[laughs]
Within moments,
you'll be food for the worms.
You worked hard, but for what?
Well, it doesn't
have to be for nothing.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Trafalgar D. Water Law.
C'mon, don't let
that power go to waste.
This is your final shot.
So listen.
You've been given a chance
to change this world.
So. Do the Perpetual
Youth Surgery.
Put that Op-Op Fruit to
good use, then you die. And...
Since I'm a fair man,
in exchange, I'll grant you
whatever you desire.
[TREBOL]
Now that's generous!
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
Anything?
That's right.
I mean, that would be...
...a tough deal for me to pass.
[LAW]
All right. I'm in.
[TREBOL laughs] You're smarter
than I thought, Law.
Helping us out.
Doffy's gonna be
eternally grateful!
[LAW]
Whatever.
My wish is for you
to bring back Cora.
[LAW] And when you're done,
I want you to lick the asses
of every last person
in this kingdom.
You think I'm no match for you?
It's all in the bag?
What a joke.
Here's the truth, Doflamingo.
When you lose,
don't act shocked.
[LAW] The Straw Hat
Pirates have performed
countless miracles
along their journeys.
[LAW] Someone like you never
had a chance of stopping them.
Also, you're wrong if you think
you can get Caesar back!
Hey! Law! Show respect!
That's Doffy you're talking to!
[LAW]
And what you don't realize
is that it's your head
on the chopping bl-
[panting]
Just had to run your mouth.
A wise-ass, to the bitter end.
[groaning]
Law, your jacket.
It says "Corazon."
Are you mocking me?
And the "Heart Pirates"?
You think I didn't notice?
What're you trying to say here?
[DOFLAMINGO] You refused
to accept the heart seat.
Then you bear the mark
of the heart anyway?
Why?!
[DOFLAMINGO panting]
How insufferable.
Law. Corazon.
That's enough.
This ends here.
Your crusade is dead and gone.
I'm finally free of
this burden! I'm free!
Traffy... is dead?
[VIOLET]
After getting shot like that,
there's no chance he survived.
King Riku?
Despite our victories,
the kingdom is in great danger.
Let's go. Citizens may
still require our aid.
We can't rest yet!
Sir! I'm coming!
Uh, me too!
I'm joining! Count me in!
Me, too!
[TANK] Very well!
Let us descend into town.
It is not too late to minimize
the casualties further!
True! Even if we can't fight,
we can still help out!
[TOWNSMAN E]
Yeah! Let's go!
[DOFLAMINGO panting]
Doffy?
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
I'm fine.
Someday we'll get our hands
on the Op-Op Fruit again.
Yeah, you're right! [laughs]
So. What's the next step?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Let's wrap this up.
Sound good, Trebol?
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[laughs]
Doflamingo!
I found you!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Took you long enough, Straw Hat.
How's dear old Bellamy doing?
Now that he has his freedom.
[LUFFY] Don't play dumb!
You set this all up!
You knew he'd never run away!
Gum-Gum Elephant Gun!
Spiderweb spread out!
Interesting.
So I guess Bellamy didn't
high tail it after all.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
What's so funny?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Huh?
Now, Gum-Gum Hawk Gatling, go!
[yells]
[panting]
[gasps]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
And now, Break White!
[LUFFY]
Whoa!
[LUFFY gasps]
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
Hey. Traffy!
Where's all this
blood coming from?
Where'd your arm go?
Hey! Traffy! Hang in there!
Hey! Traffy!
[DOFLAMINGO]
What, you can't tell? He's dead.
Liar!
Just look at him.
"Traffy" was holding out
for you to come through.
What a damn shame.
[DOFLAMINGO]
He did mention that you're
quite the miracle
worker, Straw Hat.
I dunno, you didn't impress me
much in our first fight.
And I doubt you stand a chance
against both of us.
You'll pay for this,
you bastards!
[TREBOL laughs]
Let's go! Gum-Gum...
Pentachromatic Strings!
...Battle-Axe!
[LUFFY yells]
Now Gum-Gum Giant Whip, go!
Armament Hardening!
[TREBOL]
What the hell is that?
And Gum-Gum Spring Bullet!
[yells]
Very close! Wow. [laughs]
[panting]
[DOLDO]
Hm?
[TANK]
Is something wrong, sir?
No.
Wait! Hold you positions!
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
Huh?
[grating]
What is that?
Huh? I dunno!
[MARINE A]
Hm?
What's wrong?
No, it's nothing.
No way. It moves?
Oh, no.
Let's back up.
[TOWNSMAN L]
It's shrinking!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
You'll be joining your pal, Law,
in no time.
And now, we end this game.
Mingo!
-[LAW] Wait.
-[gasps]
[LAW]
Listen carefully, Straw Hat.
[NARRATOR] Doflamingo's plan to
wipe out Dressrosa is in motion.
With the Birdcage
shrinking in on itself,
there's only one hour left
as it slices through
everything it passes.
Just as it seems
all hope's lost,
a desperate attack is unleashed
to stop Doflamingo
before it's too late.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!